Added x-cashu method to NUT-18 (#204)
cashubtc/nuts: 18.md

The execute the payment, the sender makes a `POST` request to the specified endpoint URL with the `PaymentRequestPayload` as the body.

#### X-Cashu

- type: `x-cashu`
- target: `<endpoint-url>`
- tags: `[["c", "replay"]]`

The payment is expected in the X-Cashu header on a request to the specified endpoint.

> The tags specify constraints that the request MUST have. `replay` can be found in Payment Requests on HTTP 402 responses and requires that the exact same request is send again, but with a X-Cashu header paying the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags specify constraints that the request **MUST** satisfy. The presence of a `c` tag with `replay` value informs the payer that "replay" could be returned on HTTP 402 responses, prompting the payer to re-attempt the exact same request but with an X-Cashu header paying the Payment Request.
```

Reviewer: @Egge21M
